Feat/drag drop table rows (#439)
Atom-Learning/components: lib/src/components/data-table/DataTable.mdx

The following two examples are exactly equivalent in their output. The second example is included to demonstrate what `DataTable`'s subcomponents do: they bundle up UI components and logic to provide useful defaults. They exist at various levels of abstraction, e.g. `DataTable.Table` renders `DataTable.Body`, which renders `DataTable.Row`. This means that you can use whichever component provides useful functionality for your use case while still being low-level enough to let you combine it with your own custom logic.

```tsx

> <DataTable columns={columns} data={data} idColumn='userId'>

Reviewer: I thought this was only required for drag & drop tables? Do we want to pass that prop in here if it's not relevant to the example?

Author: Yeah that's a good point, I should document it in the prose rather than just putting it here in the generic example! Though maybe it's worth pointint out that since we can't do hooks conditionally, we'll still record an `order` array in state, whether drag and drop is being used or not. It's just likely to be full of `undefined`.

> <DataTable columns={columns} data={data} idColumn='userId'>

Reviewer 2: Do we need to have an 'idColumn'? Can we just require `id` to be passed into the data? (so: 
`{ name: 'chrissy', hobby: 'bare-knuckle boxing', userId: 1 }` => `{ name: 'chrissy', hobby: 'bare-knuckle boxing', id: 1 },` )

And just assume `idColumn` is always `id`?

Reviewer 2: Is passing `idColumn` better for performance?

### Pagination

`DataTable.Pagination` can be passed as a child to `DataTable` to render the pagination UI and configure the parent `DataTable` to paginate its data. Note: there is currently a bug where `DataTable` will render all rows on the initial render, even when paginated. There is no visible effect, but it can cause performance issues on large tables. The workaround for this is to pass an `initialState` prop to `DataTable`. E.g. `initialState={pagination: {pageSize: 5, pageIndex: 0}}`. This will force pagination to apply properly on the initial render. Make sure the `pagination` prop matches the config you use in `DataTable.Pagination`, as the latter will take precedence after the initial render.

> ### Drag and dropp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Drag and drop
```

> `DataTable` accepts a `dragAndDrop` prop which you can use to allow users to reorder table rows via drag and drop. You'll normally use it like this: `dragAndDrop={ {active: true, onChange: (oldIndex, newIndex, newData) => console.log (`row ${oldIndex} moved to ${newIndex})} }`. If you would prefer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DataTable` accepts a `dragAndDrop` prop which you can use to allow users to reorder table rows via drag and drop. You'll normally use it like this: `dragAndDrop={ {active: true, onChange: (oldIndex, newIndex, newData) => console.log ('row ${oldIndex} moved to ${newIndex}')} }`. If you would prefer
```

> to define the `onChange` behaviour elsewhere, by subscribing to `useDataTable` and watching for changes in the `data` property, you can simply pass `dragAndDrop` to `DataTable` as a boolean instead.

Author: I generally try to avoid those prefixes for boolean _props_ (as opposed to variables) because doing so keeps them consistent with HTML attributes, which are used in the same way. E.g. it's `<input disabled/>` rather than `<input isDisabled>`. That's always felt more intuitive to me, but I can totally see why someone might find the inconsistency between boolean variables and boolean props more confusing than the alternative inconsistency between HTML attributes and custom React props, so I'm happy to be led by the group!

> to define the `onChange` behaviour elsewhere, by subscribing to `useDataTable` and watching for changes in the `data` property, you can simply pass `dragAndDrop` to `DataTable` as a boolean instead.

Reviewer 3: Ah, thanks for letting me know. As far as we are consistent it seems reasonable.

> Note that column sorting conflicts with drag and drop behaviour. In any context where you allow drag and drop reordering, you probably want to disable column sorting (see User Sorting above). Similarly, you should probably disable pagination.

Author: That's exactly the reason! But I'll definitely add something to state that explicitly here. Thanks @D7Torres
